If you were writing a traditional Python script,
you might use print statements to output the values held by variables.
A typical example would be outputting the i and j variables of a nested for-loop.
These print statements can be helpful when debugging your code,
but this won't work on Spark.
Instead, you need to use a special variable.
But why can't you use print statements on a cluster?
Think back to how Spark runs your code.
You have a driver node coordinating the tasks of various worker nodes.
Code is running on those worker nodes and not the driver,
so print statements will only run on those worker nodes.
You cannot directly see the output from
them because you're not connected directly to them.
Also, as we discussed in Lesson two,
Spark makes a copy of the input data every time you call a function.
So, the original debugging variables that you
created won't actually get loaded into the worker nodes.
Instead, each worker has their own copy of these variables,
and only these copies get modified.
The original variables stored on the driver remain unchanged,
making them useless for debugging.
This is one of the most confusing parts of closures.
To get around these limitations,
Spark gives you special variables known as accumulators.
Accumulators are like global variables for your entire cluster.
Let's go over to an example of how to use accumulators when debugging your code.